disambiguate repositories.repository vs distributionManagement.reposi… (#1466)
apache/maven-site: content/markdown/pom.md

### Distribution Management

> Distribution management acts precisely as it sounds: it manages the distribution (aka. remote publication) of the artifact

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Distribution management acts precisely as it sounds: it manages the distribution, this means the remote publication, of the artifact
```
